# Hello my name is Mark, I had been saving up a lot of money to go on a train said to start in Oregon and end in alaska. I had always wanted to go on this train because I was obsessed with mountains and thought this would be the perfect trip for me. I packed up all of my belongings and headed to the station about 2 hours away. After arriving they sat me down in my room with a bed, table, a menu, and a small tv. It was very luxurious when I went in but something I had noticed when entering the train was that no one else had entered but only me. I didn’t think much of it because I went during the winter in December time of year and the places I went to are very cold. I sat down and unpacked my stuff and went to sleep. I was very tired because I woke up at about 4 am and had a 2 hour long drive and had to wait an extra 30 minutes to get on the train. I slept for about 2 hours and woke up at 8 am. It was very quiet especially since there was no one else but me there but I kind’ve liked it but it also gave me an odd feeling. I had been sitting watching youtube videos for a very long time on the small tv, but there was one video I noticed out of the corner of my eye called “if you go on this train during december 13th, immediately find an exit out of the train immediately.” I was frightened because the day in that title december 13th was the same day I had gone on. I watched the video but it just sounded like some retarted 3 am video until something in the video sent a shiver through my whole body. I saw that in the video, they had gone on the same train 1 year prior and while we was speaking a monkey/nigga type creature appeared for a few seconds in the back of the train where it connected to another cart. I zoomed in to see what it was and saw that it had looked like the monkey that died from fentanyl aka george floyd that died 6 months prior in the background. Immediately I stood up and looked everywhere around the train but there was nothing. I assumed it was just a clickbait video and went to sleep. While I was sleeping, I heard a sudden whisper in my ear that said “I can’t breathe” I thought it was just my imagination and went back to sleep and about 5 minutes later, I started hearing very unnerving and eerie noises. I tried to sleep through it but could not bear it. I got up and looked around to see if there was anything suspicious around me when all of a sudden a george floyd like ghost appeared in the corner of my eye for about a split second. I immediately remembered the video and its title that said “exit the train immediately” and tried to look for an exit but there was none. I saw the back door of the train but I still couldn't get through because it was locked and the train was still moving fast. I called for help but no one responded because I was the only one on the train at that time so I went back to my room and tried to go back to sleep thinking it was a dream or my imagination. The day after nothing had happened and everything was normal but on a particular night something very strange happened when right when I was going to go to sleep, I heard a large thud or thump but did not know where that sound was coming from as if it just appeared in my ears all of a sudden. The day after that everything was fine again but on that same day at night, the floyd looking ghost appeared again just staring at me in the hallway but this time not disappearing. I was very scared because he was just looking at me, I didn’t know what to do. I just stood there. Unexpectedly he eventually started running at me without moving a limb. I ran across the thing when all of a sudden he was gone. I was relieved but soon as I was relieved, a big black creature that looked like bigfoot appeared outside the train cart while the train was still strolling through british columbia. I immediately went to the window when all of a sudden it ran towards the train and smashed the train cart in front of me, derailing the train. The train crashed into a steppe covered in snow in which I was knocked out. After I woke up I saw the same floyd like creature I saw in the train but there was no Yeti Floyd to be seen. After seeing the same thing again, it ran towards but this time faster and looked scarier. I ran as fast as I could through the deep and thick snow when only about 10 seconds later I was out of breath. I was fairly good at running but did not know why I was breathing so heavily. I remembered the monkey floyd incident on june 5th and remembered he said I can’t breathe. I immediately thought that while I was running he sucked the air out of me. After taking a minute break, I noticed he was not chasing me anymore. I looked all around and saw nothing. I went to one of the destroyed train carts and hid in there to sleep for the night. The next day I heard a helicopter coming to save me. It was about 6 am and was still very dark. I yelled “help” and they led down an emergency ladder and climbed up. All of that fear everything had been relieved by that when all of a sudden, yeti floyd ran out of nowhere and pulled the ladder towards the ground. I screamed while the rescuers were shooting rifles at the yeti floyd. Yeti floyd pulled the helicopter so close to the ground until the ladder snapped off the helicopter and flew away. Soon after I was relieved a lot but still to this day am never going on a train ever again after that happened. Never board the floyd train on december the 13th.
